2019.1:
 * Version 3.0
 * Feature Enhancement: Added LPM/DFE mode selection in xxv_ethernet IP
 * Feature Enhancement: Added feature enabling AXI4 statistics counter
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Versal GTWIZ support
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated Auto Negotiation/Link Training Logic REgister space bit fields
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 2.5 (Rev. 1)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3:
 * Version 2.5
 * Bug Fix: Updated AXI files for optiomization
 * Bug Fix: Updated file for AN/LT Logic +RSFEC Runtime switching configuration
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support FEC and Pause for MAC+PCS/PMA 32 bit variant
 * Other: added new devices support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 2.4 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Updated PCS top file for RSFEC connection issue AR70945
 * Bug Fix: Updated MAC+PCS/PMA 32-bit file for ports
 * Bug Fix: Updated RTL file for license timeout
 * Bug Fix: Added XDC constraints for the tools not to optimize the AXI register map counters
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for SDK debugger
 * Other: added new devices support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 2.4
 * Bug Fix: Updated example design files for
 * Bug Fix: Updated clock domain for
 * Bug Fix: Corrected timestamp connections when MAC+PCS BASER core generated for 2-step PTP, see AR70659
 * Feature Enhancement: Added header files for
 * Feature Enhancement: Added PCS/PMA 32 bit variant to build
 * Feature Enhancement: Adding 802.1cm preemption feature for
 * Feature Enhancement: Added MAC+PCS/PMA 32-bit 1step support
 * Feature Enhancement: For Ethernet MAC-64 variant clk port removed and added tx_core_clk and rx_core_clk
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 2.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated for 976642
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 2.3
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated for Bug fixes
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated RSFEC and runtime switch dependency
 * Feature Enhancement: Added RUNTIME SWITCHING support for UltraScale Plus -1 and -1L speed grades
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated for IPI board assistance support for vcu118 board
 * Feature Enhancement: TXOUTCLKSEL and RXOUTCLKSEL input ports should be driven with 3'b101
 * Feature Enhancement: Removed tx_ptp_rxtstamp_in for ptp  1 step configuration
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 2.2
 * Feature Enhancement: Added 25G support for KintexUS+ and ZynqUS+ -1 and -1L speed grades
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated for
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 2.1
 * Feature Enhancement: QPLL reset signals connected as per GTWIZ userguide recommandation
 * Feature Enhancement: Added BUFG_GT to drive gt_ref clock output from Core
 * Feature Enhancement: CR fixes
 * Feature Enhancement: added 25G support for US+ -1 and -1L speed grades
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated RSFEC hierarchy
 * Feature Enhancement: Added new zynqultraScale plus devices.
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated for
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Feature Enhancement: QPLL reset signals connected as per GTWIZ userguide recommandation
 * Feature Enhancement: CR fixes
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 2.0
 * Port Change: New port gt_refclk_out by default and rx_ptp_tstamp_valid_out for 1588 configuration added as per request.
 * Port Change: New port rx_serdes_clk_0, rx_serdes_clk_1, rx_serdes_clk_2, rx_serdes_clk_3, rx_serdes_reset_0, rx_serdes_reset_1, rx_serdes_reset_2, rx_serdes_reset_3 added for gt outof core configuration`
 * Feature Enhancement: 1588 2 Step suport for PCS variant
 * Feature Enhancement: Added IPI Designer Assistance support with block, connection and board automation
 * Feature Enhancement: Added 25G support for Ultra Scale Plus -2LV speed grade devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 1.3
 * Runtime Swithcable support for Ultrascale Plus added
 * Support added support for xqku115 and 1M speed grade
 * GT Out of Core Support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 1.2
 * Re-Enabled 3 and 4 cores for 25G
 * 1588 1-step and 2-step support added for MAC/PCS-PMA only
 * Support added for GTH for 10G
 * Runtime Swithcable support added
 * Added RS-FEC support for 25G
 * Added -1HV support with 25G data rate
 * Added support for Kintex Ultrascale, Kintex Ultrascale Plus and Zynq Ultrasclae Plus
 * Timing closure may be difficult for 3 and 4 core with AN/LT enabled, see AR66787 for more information
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.1
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.1
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.1
 * Implementation failure fixes
 * virtexuplus family support added
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * MAC and PCS suppoert for 10G and 25G
 * Base-KR and Base-R support
 * AN/LT support

(c) Copyright 2015 - 2019 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
